20_1 TreeList: Adaptability article improvements (#2069)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TreeList/10 Columns/50 Adaptability/05 Hide Columns.md

> When the total width of columns exceeds the component's width, the TreeList truncates column cell texts or adds horizontal scrolling. As an alternative, the component can hide one or several columns to prevent horizontal scrolling and display cell texts in full. To enable this feature, set the [columnHidingEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnHidingEnabled) property to **true**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the total width of columns exceeds component width, the TreeList either truncates column cell text or adds horizontal scrolling. As an alternative, the component can hide one or several columns to prevent horizontal scrolling and display cell text in full. To enable this feature, set the [columnHidingEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnHidingEnabled) property to **true**.
```

> Each column has a unique default hiding priority. The rightmost column has the priority of 0. This value is incremented by 1 for columns from right to left; column with the lowest priority is hidden first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each column has a unique default hiding priority. The rightmost column has the priority of 0. This value is incremented by 1 for columns from right to left; the column with the lowest priority is hidden first.
```

> To enable column hiding, set the [columnHidingEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnHidingEnabled) property to **true**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When cell text overflows the cell, the TreeList truncates the text or adds horizontal scrolling. As an alternative, the component can hide one or several columns to make space for the overflowing text. To enable this feature, set the [columnHidingEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnHidingEnabled) property to **true**.
```

Author: It is necessary to add:
When cell text overflows the cell **_or all the columns do not fit the UI component's width_**, the TreeList truncates the text or adds horizontal scrolling, **_respectively_**. As an alternative, the component can hide one or several columns to make space for the overflowing text. To enable this feature, set the [columnHidingEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnHidingEnabled) property to **true**.

Reviewer 2: But these are one and the same. Columns do not fit, hence cell texts do not fit. You can say:

> When the total width of columns exceeds the component's width, the TreeList truncates column cell texts or adds horizontal scrolling.

Author: The situation when the columns don't fit doesn't imply that cell texts don't fit: https://codepen.io/PavelDX/pen/XWprMYQ

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the total width of columns exceeds the component's width, the TreeList truncates column cell texts or adds horizontal scrolling. As an alternative, the component can hide one or several columns to make space for the overflowing text. To enable this feature, set the [columnHidingEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#columnHidingEnabled) property to **true**.
```

Each column has a unique default hiding priority. The rightmost column has the priority of 0. This value is incremented by 1 for columns from right to left; column with the lowest priority is hidden first.

> You can use the **columns[]**.[hidingPriority](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#hidingPriority) property to specify custom hiding priorities only for those columns that you want to hide. This will override the default behavior described above. In this case, the **columnHidingEnabled** property can be omitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the **columns[]**.[hidingPriority](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#hidingPriority) property to specify custom hiding priorities for those columns that you want to hide. Other columns will never be hidden. This will override the default behavior described above. In this case, the **columnHidingEnabled** property can be omitted.
```

> [note]
> 
> If a column's cell truncates text due to its length, TreeList can hide columns until the full text is displayed. To enable this, ensure that the column's [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/columns/#width) is not set or set as a percentage and configure column hiding. You can also enable this feature to prevent horizontal scrolling.
> 
> [/note]

Reviewer 2: I think that this information is unnecessary, but let's wait until we figure out why developers wanted to add it in the first place.

```suggestion
```

            // These columns will be hidden in the following order:
            columns: [{
                // ...
                hidingPriority: 0 // first
            }, {
                // ...
                hidingPriority: 1 // second 
            }, {
                // ...
                hidingPriority: 2 // third
            }]
        });
    });

##### Angular
    
    <!--HTML-->
    <dx-tree-list ... 
        [columnHidingEnabled]="true">
        <!-- These columns will be hidden in the following order: -->
        <dxi-column [hidingPriority]="0" ... ></dxi-column> <!-- first -->
        <dxi-column [hidingPriority]="1" ... ></dxi-column> <!-- second -->
        <dxi-column [hidingPriority]="2" ... ></dxi-column> <!-- third -->
    </dx-tree-list>

    <!--TypeScript-->
    import { DxTreeListModule } from "devextreme-angular";
    // ...
    export class AppComponent {
        // ...
    }
    @NgModule({
        imports: [
            // ...
            DxTreeListModule
        ],
        // ...
    })
    
---

#include common-demobutton with {
    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TreeList/Adaptability/"
}

[note]

> If your TreeList is inside a container, you must call the [updateDimensions()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Methods/#updateDimensions) method on each container resize to rerender the component:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your TreeList is inside a resizable container, you must call the [updateDimensions()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Methods/#updateDimensions) method on each container resize to rerender the component:
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!--JavaScript-->$("#treeListContainer").dxTreeList("updateDimensions");

##### Angular

    <!--TypeScript-->
    import { ..., ViewChild } from "@angular/core";
    import { DxTreeListModule, DxTreeListComponent } from "devextreme-angular";
    // ...
    export class AppComponent {
        @ViewChild(DxTreeListComponent, { static: false }) treeList: DxTreeListComponent;
        // Prior to Angular 8
        // @ViewChild(DxTreeListComponent) treeList: DxTreeListComponent;
        renderTreeList () {
            this.treeList.instance.updateDimensions();
        };
    }
    @NgModule({
        imports: [
            // ...
            DxTreeListModule
        ],
        // ...
    })

---

> [/note]

Reviewer 2: It all got into the note somehow:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18551316/112816515-2aa0cd00-908a-11eb-9908-45df2998c0f9.png)
